Exherbo Artwork
===============

This package contains Exherbo-themed images in SVG format which, when processed
with the included utility `make-exherbo-art`, are suitable for use as desktop
wallpaper, display manager backgrounds, boot splashes, or GRUB menu splashes.
Also provided are the original SVG Zebrapig logo for users who wish to create
their own Exherbo-themed artwork, and a set of standard desktop icons.

Each image (with the exception of the artwork in the `icons/` and `logo/`
subdirectories) has been specially prepared for SVGmod processing, which allows
automated changing of background color and widening of the image without its
contents being flattened. See `README.mkd` in the [SVGmod distribution][1] for
more information on this process, and `man svgmod` for usage details.


Contents
--------

*   __`/usr/share/exherbo-artwork/exherbo-zebrapig.svg`__
    
    The Passively Capricious Zebrapig. Font: _Distro Bold_.

*   __`/usr/share/exherbo-artwork/exherbo-zebrapig-grub_legacy.svg`__
    
    Same as above but recomposed to look nice with GRUB Legacy's fixed 640x480
    menu layout. Font: _Distro Bold_.

*   __`/usr/share/exherbo-artwork/exherbo-zebrapig-zoink.svg`__
    
    Zoinking Zebrapig. "exherbo" font: _Distro Bold_. "Zoink!" font: _Complete
    in Him_.

*   __`/usr/share/exherbo-artwork/logo/*.svg`__
    
    Original SVG Zebrapig logo.

*   __`/usr/share/icons/hicolor/*/apps/*`__
    
    *   Zebrapig icons for the [XDG default theme _hicolor_][2]. Sizes: 16x16,
        22x22, 32x32, 48x48, 64x64, 128x128, and scalable SVG.
    *   Scalable Oxygen-themed Zebrapig icon for KDE start menus, based on
        `start-here-kde.svgz` from the Oxygen Icon Theme version 4.5.2.

*   __`/usr/bin/make-exherbo-art`__
    
    Tool to automate the customization of SVG images to multiple display
    geometries and background colors, sparing Exherbo developers from tedium
    and giving users a simple, straightforward way to tailor images to their
    needs without having to use tools such as Inkscape or GIMP.

*   __`/etc/exherbo-artwork.cfg`__
    
    Configuration file for `make-exherbo-art`.


Requirements
------------

Needed by `make-exherbo-art`:

*   __ImageMagick__
*   __Python__ - Version 2.6 or greater.
*   __SVGmod__


Usage
-----

For a complete list of command line options see `make-exherbo-art --help`.

Before using `make-exherbo-art` for the first time you should edit
`/etc/exherbo-artwork.cfg` and at least set the output resolutions to suit your
needs. Read the comments in that file for configuration details. You can
comment out sections for any images you won't use, or add new sections for
images not included in this distribution.

Once you have a customized configuration simply run:

    $ make-exherbo-art

Processed files will be saved to the current directory by default, although
this can be overridden in the config file either globally or per-file. The
output directory settings in the config file can also be overridden with the
`--output-dir` command line option.

Some common cases for deploying output images are outlined below:


### GRUB Legacy splash images

    # mv exherbo-zebrapig-grub_legacy-pink-640x480.xpm.gz /boot/grub/

Edit the value for `splashimage` in your `grub.conf` file or `menu.lst` if
that's what you use. (Simply add the following line to the beginning of the
file if no `splashimage` setting exists.)

    splashimage=(hd0,0)/grub/exherbo-zebrapig-grub_legacy-pink-640x480.xpm.gz

Replace `(hd0,0)` with your system's GRUB root if it's different.


### KDE wallpaper

For KDE4:

    $ mv exherbo-zebrapig-zoink-pink-1024x768.png ~/.kde4/share/wallpapers/


Authors
-------

Christel Dahlskjaer <christel@exherbo.org>  
Ida Jensen  
Sterling X. Winter <sterling.winter@gmail.com>


Copyright and License
---------------------

### make-exherbo-art
> Copyright (C) 2009 Sterling X. Winter <sterling.winter@gmail.com>
>
> Released under the MIT License.  
> See the file `LICENSE` for redistribution information.

### Artwork under the "icons" and "logo" subdirectories, except `start-here-exherbo-oxygen.svg`
> Copyright (C) 2008 Ida Jensen
>
> Based on an original drawing Copyright (C) 2008 Christel Dahlskjaer
> <christel@exherbo.org>
>
> Released under the [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 license][3].  
> See the file `logo/COPYING` for license information.

### `start-here-exherbo-oxygen.svg`
> Based in part upon `start-here-kde.svgz` from the Oxygen Icon Theme version
> 4.5.2, which is:
>
> Copyright (C) 2007 David Vignoni <david@icon-king.com>  
> Copyright (C) 2007 Johann Ollivier Lapeyre <johann@oxygen-icons.org>  
> Copyright (C) 2007 Kenneth Wimer <kwwii@bootsplash.org>  
> Copyright (C) 2007 Nuno Pinheiro <nuno@oxygen-icons.org>  
> Copyright (C) 2007 Riccardo Iaconelli <riccardo@oxygen-icons.org>  
> Copyright (C) 2007 David Miller <miller@oxygen-icons.org>
>
> and others.
>
> Released under the GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 3.  
> See the file `licenses/Oxygen-Icon-Theme` for license information.

### All other artwork
> Copyright (C) 2008 Christel Dahlskjaer <christel@exherbo.org>  
> Copyright (C) 2008 Ida Jensen  
> Copyright (C) 2009 Sterling X. Winter <sterling.winter@gmail.com>
>
> Released under the [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 license][3].


[1]: http://gitorious.org/svgmod/
[2]: http://standards.freedesktop.org/icon-theme-spec/icon-theme-spec-latest.html#directory_layout
[3]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/

